Use directory hierarchy to qualify nested included builds (#23165)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/migration/upgrading_version_8.adoc

=== Potential breaking changes

==== Changes to paths of included builds

In order to handle conflicts between nested included build names better, Gradle now uses the directory hierarchy of included builds to assign the build path.
If you are running tasks from the command line in nested included builds, then you may need to adjust your invocation.

> For example, if you have the following hierarchy:

Reviewer: I think you should also specific which of these are project dirs and perhaps also show the `settings.gradle` file.

Author: How about now?

Reviewer: I think this is much clearer. 👍

----
root
  nested
    nestedNested
----

> Before Gradle 8.1, you did run `gradle :nestedNested:compileJava`.
> In Gradle 8.0 the invocation changes to `gradle :nested:nestedNested:compileJava`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before Gradle 8.1, you ran `gradle :nestedNested:compileJava`.
In Gradle 8.1 the invocation changes to `gradle :nested:nestedNested:compileJava`.
```
